hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2007 science fiction action
film transformers so let's get started a
civil war between the Autobots led by
Optimus Prime and the Decepticons but by
Megatron occurs on their home planet an
object called the Allspark which is
capable of creating transformer life is
sent into space
Megatron pursues it to earth the
Allspark is discovered by Explorer whit
wiki who accidentally activates
Megatron's system and itches the
Allspark coordinates on to his glasses
which ends up being in the possession of
his great great grandson Sam Witwicky
many years later the Decepticons attack
and destroy a US military base in an
attempt to find Megatron and the
Allspark they eventually find files in
the glasses and track down Sam Sam buys
his first car and soon realizes that
it's the Autobot bumblebee who is unable
to talk and communicates through his
car's radio bumblebee takes Sam and
Mikaela Sam's crush to meet Optimus and
the other Autobots Optimus explains that
if Megatron gains the Allspark he would
transform Earth's machinery and
exterminate mankind they traveled to
Sam's house to retrieve the glasses Sam
Mikaela and Bumblebee are captured by a
top-secret group called sector 7 Optimus
Prime obtains the glasses and uses them
to locate the Allspark the Decepticons
free Megatron a massive battle occurs
with most of the Decepticons being
killed after a battle with Megatron
optimus prime is close to death and
tells Sam to push the Allspark into his
chest but Sam rams it into Megatron's
chest instead Optimus salvages some of
the Allspark Sam and McCallister a
romantic relationship
the Autobots hide on earth and Optimus
Prime sends a transmission inviting
other Autobots to join them a
mid-credits scene shows Decepticons
being summoned to earth so that was the
spoilers for Transformers if you have
another film you'd like to see a spoil
please let us know in the comments below
check out movie's spoiler alerts on
Instagram and remember to like and
subscribe thanks for watching
[Music]